In this lesson, we'll be covering
best practices and strategies to ensure that access to Cloud,
data, and services is locked down and secure.
We will highlight the importance of
a well-designed access model and how it can
contribute to protecting from various security threats.
Our focus in this lesson will be on examining
Identity and Access Management capabilities within AWS or IAM for short.
We'll cover Cloud security best practices around managing access to the AWS Cloud,
with a focus on managing users, roles, and permissions.
By the end of the course,
you will have a greater understanding of how to use IAM roles to provide
secure access to both users and applications that need to use AWS services.
You'll get a chance to walk through security best practices such as identity federation.
You will also be introduced to fine tuning access permissions for least privilege access.
Securing access to Cloud services is
an incredibly important topic when designing for security.
I can't wait to get started.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6